dotfiles/agents/.agents/skills/workspace/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: workspace
description: Manage local projects organized by owner/repo in $WORKSPACE. Use when cloning repos, inspecting dependencies, cross-referencing projects, listing local repositories, or reading/searching files from other local projects. Triggers on "clone repo", "check that project", "look at the source", "compare with other repo", or any reference to other local projects.
---

# Workspace

Local GitHub projects live at `$WORKSPACE/<owner>/<repo>`.

Personal projects are under the `juanibiapina` owner.

## Commands

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `dev clone <url>` | Clone GitHub repo to workspace |
| `dev list` | List all projects as `owner/repo` |
| `dev open <project>` | Open project in tmux session |
| `dev start <url>` | Clone and open in one step |

## Examples

Clone a repository:
```bash
dev clone https://github.com/owner/repo
```

List projects to find one:
```bash
dev list | rg pattern
```

## Reading Files from Other Projects

Use absolute paths to read files from workspace projects:

```
$WORKSPACE/owner/repo/path/to/file.ts
```

Search across a project:
```bash
rg "pattern" "$WORKSPACE/owner/repo/src"
```

Commit message:

workspace skill: read AGENTS.md on first access to a project

dotfiles/agents/.agents/skills/workspace/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: workspace
description: Manage local projects organized by owner/repo in $WORKSPACE. Use when cloning repos, inspecting dependencies, cross-referencing projects, listing local repositories, or reading/searching files from other local projects. Triggers on "clone repo", "check that project", "look at the source", "compare with other repo", or any reference to other local projects.
---

# Workspace

Local GitHub projects live at `$WORKSPACE/<owner>/<repo>`.

Personal projects are under the `juanibiapina` owner.

## Commands

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `dev clone <url>` | Clone GitHub repo to workspace |
| `dev list` | List all projects as `owner/repo` |
| `dev open <project>` | Open project in tmux session |
| `dev start <url>` | Clone and open in one step |

## Examples

Clone a repository:
```bash
dev clone https://github.com/owner/repo
```

List projects to find one:
```bash
dev list | rg pattern
```

## Project Context Discovery

The first time you access any workspace project directory (read files, search, list contents, etc.), check if an `AGENTS.md` file exists at the project root:

```bash
cat "$WORKSPACE/owner/repo/AGENTS.md" 2>/dev/null
```

If it exists, read it before proceeding — it contains project-specific instructions and guidelines. Only do this once per project per conversation; don't re-read on subsequent accesses to the same project.

## Reading Files from Other Projects

Use absolute paths to read files from workspace projects:

```
$WORKSPACE/owner/repo/path/to/file.ts
```

Search across a project:
```bash
rg "pattern" "$WORKSPACE/owner/repo/src"
```
